# PdfTool CLIPdfTool is a offline, command-line interface (CLI) tool designed to manipulate PDF files in various ways, similar to the functionality provided by online tools like SmallPDF. This tool is a result of a hobby project and was developed with a focus on functionality rather than aligning with best practices or full test coverage.## FeaturesPdfTool offers a wide range of features:- **Compress**: Reduce the size of your PDF files.- **Create**: Convert Word documents and images into PDF files.- **Remove**: Remove specific pages from a PDF file.- **Extract**: Extract specific pages from a PDF file.- **Merge**: Combine multiple PDF files into one.- **Replace**: Replace specific pages in a PDF file.- **Split**: Split a PDF file into individual pages.## InstallationTo install PdfTool, you can download the latest release from this repository.## UsageTo use PdfTool, open your command prompt and navigate to the directory where PdfTool is installed. Then, you can use the following commands:```PdfTool [command]```For example, to compress a PDF file located at "C:/MyPath", you would use:```PdfTool compress --input "C:/MyPath"```You can also view help for each command with:```PdfTool [command] --help```## ContributingAs this is a hobby project, contributions are welcome. Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests.## DisclaimerPdfTool is a hobby project and was developed quickly. While it has been tested and is functional, it may not be as polished as some professional products. Please use it at your own risk.---This README is subject to changes as the project evolves. Please check back regularly for updates.